            Notes about some of the commands
	     by Martin Richards, 5 Jan 2020

bbcbcpl  Attempts to compile BBC BCPL to 16 bit BBC Cintcode

bbcbcpl32 Compiles BBC BCPL to 32 bit modern Cintcode
          This command will be removed since it is better to
	  use bbc2bcpl

bbc2bcpl  This command converts BBC BCPL to BCPL suitable for
          compilation using the modern BCPL Cintcode compiler.
	  With the default settings it capitalises all reserved
	  and makes the capitalisation of identifiers to agree
	  with their first occurrences. Several reserved words
	  are replaced by symbols, for example LOGAND, LOGOR,
	  EQ and LE are replaced by &, |, =, and <=. || is
	  replaced by // and dots in identifiers are replaced
	  by underlines. To see all the other modifications
	  see bbc2bcpl.b. The main purpose of this command
	  is to possibly aid the reconstruction of the BBC
	  Domesday Project that ran on BBC Microcomputers
	  around 1986. Much of the source code has recently
	  been discovered.

z80bcpl.b This uses bcplsyn.b, bcpltrn.b and bcplz80cg.b to
          build a BCPL to Z80 native code compiler. Since I
	  did not have access to a Z80 machine I wrote a
	  partially complete Z80 emulator to test this
	  compiler. There is a test program z80cmpltest.b
	  which can be used to test both the compiler and
	  the emulator.

z80asm.b  This is a reconstruction of a Z80 assembler implemented
          in the early 1980s. I believe this version can be
	  compiled using the modern BCPL Cintcode system.

m68kasm.b This is a reconstruction of an assembler for the
          Motorola 68000. I believe it cam be compiled using
	  the modern BCPL Cintcode system. I suspect it generates
	  Tripos object code format.

disasm68.b This is a disassembler for Motorola 68000 machine code
           probably held in Tripos object format.

bbcbcpl32.b This combines bbcbcplfe32.b and bcplcgcin.b to form
            a compiler from the version of BCPL used on the BBC
	    Microprocessor to modern Cintcode.